Fork the deployment section for dpl v2 (#2464)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/deployment-v2/azure-web-apps.md

</figure>

### Fetch Deployment Progress and Logs

The Azure Web App provider can print Azure's deployment progress to your Travis log using the `verbose` option. However, Git will print your password if the authentication fails (it will not if you provide a correct user/password combination).

```
deploy:
  provider: azure_web_apps
  verbose: true
```

### Branch to deploy from

By default, Travis CI will only deploy from your **master** branch.

You can explicitly specify the branch to deploy from with the **on** option:

```
deploy:
  provider: azure_web_apps
  on: production
```

Alternatively, you can also configure it to deploy from all branches:

```
deploy:
  provider: azure_web_apps
  on:
    all_branches: true
```

Builds triggered from Pull Requests will never trigger a deploy.

### Note on `.gitignore`

As this deployment strategy relies on `git`, be mindful that the deployment will
honor `.gitignore`.

If your `.gitignore` file matches something that your build creates, use
[`before_deploy`](#running-commands-before-and-after-deploy) to change
its content.

### Running commands before and after deploy

> Sometimes you want to run commands before or after deploying. You can use the `before_deploy` and `after_deploy` stages for this. These will only be triggered if Travis CI is actually deploying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you want to run commands before or after deploying. You can use the `before_deploy` and `after_deploy` build steps for this. These will only be triggered if Travis CI is actually deploying.
```
